Document OIDC auth in azure native (#2274)
pulumi/registry: themes/default/content/registry/packages/azure-native/installation-configuration.md

* .NET: [`Pulumi.AzureNative`](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Pulumi.AzureNative)
* Java: [`com.pulumi.azurenative`](https://search.maven.org/search?q=com.pulumi.azure-native)

> ## Authentication methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Authentication Methods
```

Pulumi can authenticate to Azure via several methods:
  - Azure CLI

>   - Service Principal and client secret or certificate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Service Principal with a client secret or certificate
```

  - OpenID Connect (OIDC)
  - Managed Service Identity (MSI)

If you're running the Pulumi CLI locally, in a developer scenario, we recommend using the Azure CLI.  For team

> environments, particularly in CI, one of the other options is recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
environments, particularly in CI, one of the other options is strongly recommended.
```

### Authenticate using the CLI

> The CLI instructions assume you're using the [Azure CLI 2.0](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cli) (`az`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CLI instructions assume you're using the [Azure CLI](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cli) (`az`).
```

$ az account set --subscription=<id>
```

> ### Authenticate using OpenID Connect (OIDC)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Authenticate with OpenID Connect (OIDC)
```

> 

Reviewer: formatting a little odd here?

suggested text:

OIDC allows you to establish a trust relationship between Azure and another identity provider such as GitHub. Once established, your program can exchange a token issued by the identity provider (in this case, GitHub) for an Azure token. For example, using OIDC, your Pulumi program can run in GitHub Actions CI and access Azure, without storing any secrets in GitHub.

OIDC allows you to establish a trust relationship between Azure and another identity provider such as GitHub. Then,
your program can exchange a token issued by the identity provider for an Azure token. For instance, using GitHub,
your Pulumi program running in GitHub Actions CI will be able to exchange its GitHub token for access to Azure, without
storing any secrets in GitHub.

> #### OIDC cloud configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### OIDC Cloud Configuration
```

To configure the trust relationship in Azure, please refer to
[this guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/workload-identities/workload-identity-federation-create-trust?pivots=identity-wif-apps-methods-azp#github-actions).
This needs to be set up only once.

Additionally, you may find the
[GitHub OIDC documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/deployment/security-hardening-your-deployments/about-security-hardening-with-openid-connect)
helpful.

> #### OIDC Pulumi provider configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### OIDC Pulumi Provider Configuration
```

> To use OIDC, set the configuration `useOidc` or the environment variable `ARM_USE_OIDC` to "true".

Reviewer 2: Where should they set `useOidc`?

> Next, we need to supply the provider with an id token and a URL to exchange it at. In GitHub, we don't need to configure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, supply the provider with an id token and a URL to use for exchange. In GitHub, we don't need to configure
```

this since GitHub sets the relevant environment variables `ACTIONS_ID_TOKEN_REQUEST_TOKEN` and
`ACTIONS_ID_TOKEN_REQUEST_URL` by default and the provider reads them. In other scenarios, set the Pulumi configuration
`oidcRequestToken` or environment variable `ARM_OIDC_REQUEST_TOKEN` for the token, and configuration `oidcRequestUrl`
or environment variable `ARM_OIDC_REQUEST_URL` for the URL.

> Finally, configure the client and tenant ids of your Azure Active Directory application. Refer to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, configure the client and tenant IDs of your Azure Active Directory application. Refer to the
```

[above Azure documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/workload-identities/workload-identity-federation-create-trust?pivots=identity-wif-apps-methods-azp)

> on how to retrieve the ids, and set them via Pulumi config as `clientId` and `tenantId` or via environment variables as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on how to retrieve the IDs, and set them via Pulumi config as `clientId` and `tenantId` or via environment variables as
```

`ARM_CLIENT_ID` and `ARM_TENANT_ID`.

> {{% notes type="info" %}}

Reviewer 2: 👍 Love having this much detail available.

If you get the error "_AADSTS70021: No matching federated identity record found for presented assertion_", this points
to a configuration issue with the _entity type_ and _environment name_ described in the Azure documentation. Make sure
they match your setup, e.g., the type "branch" and the correct branch name if CI runs against a fixed branch.
{{% /notes %}}

### Authenticate using a Service Principal

A Service Principal is an application in Azure Active Directory with a client ID and a tenant ID, exactly like the one

> used in the OIDC scenario. In this scenario, instead of a pre-configured trust relationship, we use a client secret to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used in the OIDC scenario. In this scenario, instead of a pre-configured trust relationship, a client secret is used to
```

> authenticate to Azure. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
authenticate with Azure. 
```
